# Vinnie Seah
**Mobile:** +65 82882877 | **Email:** vinnieeeseah@gmail.com

## Education
**SIM GE University of Wollongong Australia**  
**Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science**  
*Jul 2022 - Dec 2024 (expected)*  
**Emphasis:** Big Data  

## Experience

### FDM Group  
**Marketing Analyst**  
*Dec 2023 – Apr 2024*  
- Conducted analysis across Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong, Singapore, and China to define target demographics.  
- Implemented strategic enhancements tailored to regions on paid media to identify top-performing ads and areas.  
- Collaborated cross-functionally to implement strategic enhancements tailored to regional dynamics.  
- Developed Natural Language Processing (NLP) techniques to provide actionable recommendations on language and imagery used in ads, emails, and landing pages.  

### Magic of Science  
**Part-Time STEM Enrichment Teacher**  
*Jun 2022 – Jun 2023*  
- Conducted and delivered lesson plans and instructional materials that facilitate active learning.  
- Engaged students through a S.T.E.M (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) approach.  
- Managed a group of up to 12 children below 7 years old with craft inventions.  
- Initiated science experiences to promote understanding of scientific concepts through logical thinking and holistic cognitive development.  

### Pharm-D Singapore  
**Intern**  
*Sept 2021 – Jan 2022*  
- Performed regulatory affairs for legal and technical requirements of drug registration.  
- Guided 10 individuals in Good Distribution Practice and Standard Operating Procedure compliance.  
- Assessed obligations for post-approval safety reporting by a medicinal product license holder.  
- Conducted market surveys, sales analytics, and engaged with healthcare professionals in various environments in targeted market segments.  

## Leadership & Involvement

### Data Analysis Club (DAC), SIM  
**Analyst**  
*Oct 2023 – Present*  
- Participated in 12 seminars focusing on machine learning, exploratory data analysis, and web scraping.  
- Employed data mining and statistical analysis to identify trends, content preferences, and engagement metrics.  
- Contributed to both external and internal projects aimed at addressing problem statements across diverse industries.  
- Led a team of 5 members in analyzing key factors, delivering actionable insights for content creators and marketers.  

### Institute of Mental Health (IMH)  
**Volunteer**  
*Dec 2018 – Jan 2023*  
- Developed rapport with patients through regular communication and companionship.  
- Organized social and recreational activities, fostering a supportive environment.  
- Assisted in rehabilitation activities such as art and craft sessions and social skills development.  
- Contributed to patients' holistic well-being by facilitating outdoor games and outings.  

### Republic Polytechnic  
**Student Councilor**  
*May 2019 – May 2022*  
- Collaborated with the Sembcorp Committee and helped to publicize the launch of their new application.  
- Coordinated and organized the program flow for the open house of Republic Polytechnic.  
- Partnered with the publicity team for Republic Polytechnic’s inclusion project.  
- Spearheaded the consolidation of proposals for approval, synthesizing ideas generated by the team.  

## Skills
- **Applications:** Microsoft Office, Tableau, Python (NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn), R (dplyr, ggplot2), SQL  
- **Languages:** Python, R, SQL, C, C++, Java, PHP, Node.js, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React  
